Enable Compartment Joins for Unified Parquet Output (#22)
cytomining/pycytominer-transform: readme.md

## Summary

> pycytominer-transform performs data transformations to assist cell biology image analysis for [Pycytominer](https://github.com/cytomining/pycytominer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pycytominer-transform enables single-cell morphology data analysis by cleaning and transforming CellProfiler (`.csv` or `.sqlite`), cytominer-database (`.sqlite`), and DeepProfiler (`.npz`) output data at scale.
pycytominer-transform creates parquet files for both independent analysis and for input into [Pycytominer](https://github.com/cytomining/pycytominer).
```

> It takes input data from CSV's, SQLite, or NPZ, for conversion to Pycytominer relevant output in Parquet format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this is now redundant after my suggestion above.

Author: Agreed, thank you for the suggestions!
